1. Consider  a ticket counter in  a railway station where the people wait
in a ques for booking  a ticket. The person who arrives first in the queue can
buy the ticket first and then nest and so onn...This continues until the queue
become empty,the order of arrival of the person in the queue qecides their 
chance to buy the ticket.Writer the program in C to implement approriate 
scheduling algorithm to calculate average turn around time taken by the 
person in the queue for booking process. Display the gant chart to represent 
the order of the person in the queue and also waiting and turnaround time
for each process.


2.i. Consider an online delivery app, which delivers the product to the customer
who have booked online. The app always chooses the nearest customer first
for deliver and then next customer. Suppose 2 customers are booking the product
at the same time then the nearest customer will be chosen first.Consider the
booking time as arrival time. Choose an appropriate scheduling algorithm to 
delivery the product in an efficient manner(bustime = distance)
ii. For the same app compute for the frequent customer will be given discount 
   and consider that the customer is chosen with discount code as highest 
   protity(busttime = distance, priority = frequency)
Write a program in c to implement 2 scheduling algorithm for case i and ii.
Display all results on screen.

3. Consider a junction of road where 4 roads meet at this junction, every often
there is a problem of jamming of vehicles at this junction. To overcome this 
problem a traffic signal was planned to be installed at the signal. The 
operation of the signal is planned in such a way that, the vehicles in each lane
of the road will be allowed only for 3 minutes and then stopped. The chance will
be given to next lane of the road. write a c program implement a scheduling 
algorithm to illustrate how the vehicles crossed the junction with the minimum
waiting time. Calculate average waiting time and average turnaround time, 
dislpay gant chart and all results on screen.(busttime = #vehicles)
